Update Kyma tutorials (#63532)
sap-tutorials/btp-onboarding: tutorials/btp-kyma-onb-02-func/btp-kyma-onb-02-func.md

---
keywords: Set up SAP BTP, Kyma runtime
parser: v2
time: 30
tags: [ tutorial>beginner ]
primary_tag: topic>sap-community
author_name: Gaurav Abbi, Oliver Stiefbold
---

# Create a "Hello-World" Kyma Function and a microservice

<!-- description -->Once the SAP BTP, Kyma Runtime is entitled and enabled it's time to enable the Kyma module "Serverless", so you can start creating your first function and microservice in Kyma.

> In this tutorial, you will use Kyma dashboard to add the Serverless module and create a Kyma function with a microservice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will use Kyma dashboard to add the Serverless module and create a Kyma Function with a microservice.
```

> In this tutorial, you will use Kyma dashboard to add the Serverless module and create a Kyma function with a microservice.

Reviewer: Kyma Function with or and a microservice?

        - **Name**: `orders-port`
        - **Protocol**: `TCP`
        - **Port**: `80`
        - **Target Port**: `8080` (or other)
        - **Application Protocol**: `http`

You created a new service, called **orders-service**.

### Expose the microservice

You cannot access and test your new `orders-service` yet from outside of the cluster. To expose the microservice, first, you must create an **API Rule** for it, just like you did to expose your Function.

1. Go to **Discovery and Network > API Rules** and choose **Create**.

2. Fill in the form in the **Create API Rule** view using the following details and choose **Create**

   - **Name**: `orders-apirule`
   - **HTTP Request Timeout**: `30` (or any up to `3900`)
   - **Service Name**: `orders-service`
   - **Port**: `80`
   - Leave the pre-defined details in the **Gateway** section
   - **Host**: choose your host from the dropdown menu and replace the wildcard (*) with a name, for example, `orders-host`
   - Leave the pre-defined details in the **Rules** section
   - **Methods**: choose `GET` and `POST`

3. The `orders-apirule` is created. Wait for the **Status** to be `OK`.

> 4. Click on the **Host** URL to execute the Service in a browser window. A browser will open but the link will be empty because the underlying Docker image has no home page. Extend the URL by adding the **/orders** string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click on the **Host** URL to execute the Service in a browser window. A browser will open, but the link will be empty because the underlying Docker image has no homepage. Extend the URL by adding the **/orders** string.
```
